The Joe Rogan experience. This is the.
Other paper I wanted to tell you about it. It does mention alien. So it's a,
it's it is a recalculation of trouble for having no, no, no,
they're not classified. It says unclassified.
It just hasn't been released out of this room right now.
It just recalculates how likely it is.
There are alien civilizations in our solar system or how likely.
So it's about the Fermi paradox. It's the Drake.
Equation. So they had done this years ago about,
they tried to figure out how many planets are out there, how many are on it?
And habited, this is a reworking of the calculations. And again,
I can't read it. I became a general.
Intelligence reference document introduction to this statistical
Drake equation. So this is something that they,
they created for the defense department. So they could get an understanding.
What the baseline of our information is about all those different topics I told
you about.
And then this one is how likely is it that we have galactic neighbors and how
close might they be? Yeah.
The key question. How far are they?
It comes to an answer it's like 30 pages into that,
but you're the first person outside the program to see it. You better address.
The sure. This is okay. Yeah. It's okay. I'm going to get visited.
There. Um.
Yeah. Well, how far do they think they are? I hope they, they get it for you.
And again,
I'm one of the reasons I become a journalist is so I don't have to do math. So,
um.
That's one of the cool things now that's happening is, um,
because of the New York times article and really cause you know,
you had Bob on and matter of favorite,
people are talking about this and the zeitgeists, I've had more people,
serious people come forward to me in the last year of my life
than ever before. And it includes soccer moms and just people that just say,
I want post the documentary. Yes.
Ever since the Lasar documentary, you know, and,
and people found out that I kept my word to Fravor and didn't tell his story.
New York times told it I kept all that. You know,
people started to trust me with, Hey, we can keep his mouth shut.
If he needs to, people have come forward to me and drove since the Lasar movie.
And of course it's like soccer, moms and people that just say,
I don't want to be known.
I just want somebody to hear this because my husband would think I'm crazy.
Let me just tell you what happened to me and I'm out of your life.
What are they telling you? I mean, Joe hits,
'em everything you can imagine from seeing craft that are right
there, right in front of him to, you know, abduction stories,
which I don't get into. Cause it's too crazy for me.
But the reporting sightings encounters, all UFO stuff. That's why they call me.
They don't call me for other stuff. Right. But also very serious people,
people that have worked or do work within our military and say I had an
encounter, I, there was an incursion.
I know George has dealt with this for 30 years. It's just,
it's just new for me that the,
the amount of people coming forward to me and telling me their stories and
giving me documents and stuff like that, I gotta be careful.
A lot of it's gotta be. Right. But a good handful of it is powerless.
A lot of it is, you know, it's um, like bait to really discriminate as credit.
Yeah. Yeah.
Do you think, is that what you think or do you think it's just crazy people.
That's crazy people and some of it might be more organized than that at the rate
your, your show Joe sent when Bob was on there. I know what,
what happened to Jeremy as a result of it?
I get a little bit of the blow back because people are interested in the topic,
but it's amazing how much of an impact that's had to Kindle people's interest.
Not only in that story, but in others and the general topic, by the way,
this paper says with a 75% probability,
the nearest extra terrestrial civilization is located in between
1,361 and 3,979 light years from us. So there,
there you go. Wow. And the way they travel, that ain't. No.
That's, that's lunchtime. And that's such the important part of it. Remember,
we're talking about non reactionary, propulsion systems,
everybody like 10 years ago, everybody's like, okay,
the universe is vast is probably an intelligent life forms out in the soul,
in the solar systems in the universe, but they ain't coming here.
But then you look at what Bob said and how gravity wave amplification would.
And then you look at the testimony of like commander Fravor and how those craft
move. You see how the gimbal moves and then you start thinking, well,
distance doesn't matter anymore. That's just us saying physicists were right.
Well, hold on. Physics has changed as our understanding has changed.
So now we're looking at a propulsion system where distance doesn't matter,
man. That brings us all much closer together. If any of this is true.
Yeah. If any of this is true, this, I mean,
there was a lot of naysayers back in the day that were quote unquote UFO experts
had had more traditional ideas of how they traveled here. Like Stanton Friedman.
He had his hot potato theory that they just did it in short bursts.
Like very fast travel in short burst. So you could tolerate. But if they,
and he didn't believe in Bibles are two,
but I always felt like there was some weirdness there, like
UFO guys and researchers are so used to people being full of
that everyone, but them is full of. That's right.
And that's what I felt like with Stanton and Stanton would discredit Bob's, uh,
education pass and all these different things. I be like, yeah.
But I don't know. I don't think you know him. I don't think you talked to them.
I don't think you get in the room. Like if you just, just empty out,
empty out all your predisposed notions of who the guy is
and look at it. What if he's telling the truth? Like,
what if he's telling the truth, does that place actually exists areas for yes.
Does he have some weird knowledge of it? Yes.
Did he really work at Los Alamos lab? Yes.
Did people who work there remember him? Yes.
Does he know how to navigate the building from the inside? Yes.
Was there a article in the newspaper where he built a jet car and it said
he was a physicist at Los Alamos lab. Yes. These things are piling up.
Stanton wish you were alive.
I wish you were alive because he was a really smart guy who was also obsessed
with UFO's. But again,
these UFO experts all believe that everyone else is full of. I.
I had a 20 year dialogue with Stan Friedman and I respect the hell out of him
because he really plotted away and really plowed the ground on the topic in
general and tried to make it respectable.
But he had a blind spot about Bob and we had multiple face-to-face conversations
and exchange letters over the years.
Did you ever say what if he was telling the truth? Yeah, I have said.
That to him and he can't get behind beyond the college degree stuff.
That's the stopping point for him. And.
Did you bring it up? Like I'm sure Bob told you the same story.
He told me about working at Los Alamos lab and his education at.
MIT. I did not tell him that story,
but it would not have mattered because Stan didn't hear any of that stuff.
All the things about how does he go out and know it's going to fly on Wednesday
night and take friends out there three weeks in a row and then record it on
video. Right? It doesn't want to hear that. Why just, just didn't hear it.
Why not? He'd already made up his mind. That's not good. That's not scientific,
right?